A. B. Rajendra and H. S. Sheshadri, "Visual Cryptography in Internet Voting System," Third International Conference on Innovative Computing Technology (INTECH 2013), London, 2013, pp. 60-64.
doi: 10.1109/INTECH.2013.6653684
Abstract: Internet Voting System (IVS) Using Visual Cryptography (VC) aims at providing a facility to cast vote for critical and confidential internal corporate decisions. It has the flexibility to allow casting of vote from any remote place, even when key stakeholders of election process are not available at workplace. This is enabled by leveraging and implementing the features provided by the VC in IVS. The election is held in full confidentiality by applying appropriate security measures to allow the voter to vote for any participating candidate only if he logs into the system by entering the correct password which is generated by merging the two shares (Black & White dotted Images)using VC scheme. Where, Administrator (Election officer) sends share 1 to voter e-mail id before election and share 2 will be available in the voting system for his login during election. Voter will get the secret password to cast his vote by combining share 1 and share 2 using VC. Visual Cryptography (VC) is a secret sharing scheme in which an image is converted into shares. No information can be revealed by observing any share (Black & White dotted Image). The information about the original image (Voter Password) will be revealed only after stacking sufficient number of shares. There are various schemes present in VC, 2 out of 2, k out of n, n out of n, etc. In the proposed method, IVS with 2-out-of-2 VC has been used for an efficient authentication voting system. Even if the hacker gets one share of the password, it is impossible to get the other share of the password, as it will be sent to the E-Mail Id of the voter. Thus IVS provides two way securities to the voting system, which is very much in need.
keywords: {cryptography;government data processing;image processing;Internet;authentication voting system;image voter password;secret sharing scheme;voter e-mail ID;VC scheme;black & white dotted images;election process;confidential internal corporate decisions;IVS;Internet voting system;visual cryptography;Nominations and elections;Cryptography;Visualization;Internet;Electronic mail;Authentication;Internet Voting System (IVS);Visual Cryptography (VC);Shares;Voter Password;Visual secret sharing},
URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6653684&isnumber=6653624